{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Description\

\b0 This project creates a slackbot which produces poetry in the style of Robert Burns, as returned by a Markov chain model. Code is included to train the Markov model and run the bot.\
\
To install the bot on your slack team of choice, you will need admin access. Go to xx and select \'91\'92. Slack provides two pieces of information which much be saved as environmental variables. To this, use the commands:\
\
xxx\
xxx\
\
These two pieces of information confirm that your bot has the ability to read and write to your slack channel. Be sure not to disclose them.\
\

\b Installation\

\b0 To install the dependencies required to run this package, simply run\
\
	pip install -r requirements.txt\
\

\b Running your bot
\b0 \
In order for your bot to respond to a slack message, it must be permanently running on a server. You can use Heroku - the project includes a Profile suitable for use on a Heroku instance - but you will need to find a way of keeping the instance awake, as merely messaging the bot will not suffice. I used a ping service provided by the add-on New Relic - see xx.\
\
Alternatively, you can host your bot indecently on a Python equipped server - our Burns bot is hosted by the ASI data science platform, Sherlock ML.\
\

\b Other ideas\

\b0 A similar framework could be used to provide a bot modelled on your favourite author; snippets from your favourite coding language; song lyrics; even song notes (if you could find a way of playing them in Slack). Fork away and go nuts.\
\

\b Acknowledgements\

\b0 I am indebted to Alberto Favaro (##) for the idea and for providing a Burns corpus in JSON form. Thanks to ASI Data Science for hosting the Burns night event.}